Us as humans, we have like five senses.
Normally when you're attracted to the
computer, like a lot a lot of the
primary attraction is text, but there
just some things that don't communicate
well over text. There's a saying, right,
that an image is worth a thousand words.
I think that is very true. And I think
especially when you're building any sort
of consumerf facing product or
enterprise facing product and such,
there's normally some sort of UI
component to it.
>> Adv take one mark.
>> I'm Adwight. I'm a software engineer at
Warp working on the agents team on AI
features that you hopefully know and
love. Today we'll be talking about
images context. This is a feature within
Warp that allows you to attach an image
to a particular agent query in order to
complete a task. It's very hard to
describe to an agent, you know, like
this is off by this many pixels or
something and go find this component.
And so instead of doing this complicated
whatever describing what this thing is,
I can just now give it an image. And I
think it's just able to understand
things a lot better because I think the
other thing to remember is that at the
end of the day like AI is just trained
on human data. Like I think similar to
how humans just understand images better
and just like it kind of clips clicks
for me. I think agents also just like
it's easier for them to understand and
help you accomplish the task you're
trying to do. I wanted to demo uh taking
something from a Figma mock into uh warp
itself. And so this is a common kind of
task I do as an engineer. We're working
with our awesome designers. Uh and so in
particular, I'm guessing many of you may
have heard of MCP. And I wanted to show
one of the ideas we're considering for
installing MCP servers. And so just to
provide a bit of product context before
I get too deep into the weeds on agent
mode. So currently within warp, we have
this interface for MCB servers. And so
you can go ahead and add an MCP server
with particular JSON with details uh
here. However, one of the things we
wanted to introduce is kind of easier
installation flow for MCP servers. And
so one of our designers, Peter, has come
up with an awesome mock here which kind
of shows a more visual way of of
installing MCP servers, particularly for
really popular MCP servers, having this
concept of a marketplace. And so the way
I would go about building this is I can
simply take a screenshot of this and
then now let's try passing off this off
to agent mode in order to see what it
can do for us. Let's attach this as
context. So for attaching images, you
can just head down here, click on the
icon. Let me head over to screenshot.
Cool. Now we can see this is attached.
help me build uh this MCP marketplace
concept. We can also use voice since
it's a bit faster. So, let me switch
over to voice here for typing this in. I
want to have just hardcoded data. Let's
focus on the UI components uh with this
piece. And then I I'll also tell you
where this file is.
Cool. And then let's tell it the file
just so it can find this easily. So, I
know this is in the rendering logic is
in this collection rs file.
Yeah, we can see it's now taking a look
at the file structure.
Cool. It's identified that we've passed
in this image and it's now creating this
diff. So cool. This is the first diff
it's applying. Go and apply that. As a
note, if uh yeah, you want to edit any
diffs or refine any diffs, you can do
that with this code defu as well. And
then now it's creating the appropriate
data structures. And so I guess for now
we're not going to hook it up to the
back end and kind of create the MCP
itself, but just create a kind of UI the
front facing UI for this. Uh, cool. So
it's we see that it's identified the
components from the image that I passed
in. So we see browser automation,
calendar management, cloud platforms and
such. And then the different icons it's
picked up from our codebase here. So
stiff makes sense to me. Apply the
changes. It's created a plan and it's
going through a set of todos that it's
defined. And so it kind of has this
particular goal in in this case, you
know, matching the mock that we're
attempting to get to. So again, look
like if we go switch back to the mock,
we can see we had this linear GitHub
stripe uh and some details here. And so
this is essentially matching exactly
what we expect from that image. And then
as I'm going through this, if I wanted
to, I can also activate fastware mode.
And so down here, I can just auto
approve agent mode code diffs. I want to
make sure that, you know, it has a good
idea of the task I've given it and it
has a good idea of the context that I've
given it. And so common pitfalls I've
seen in the past is it goes off like
trying to edit the wrong file perhaps or
it's actually misinterpreted the task.
Um and so I think usually kind of where
I've seen agent interactions fail is is
near the start and then the rest of this
is is largely just execution. And so uh
now it's you know adding in all the
rendering code with our UI framework
logic here. Looking at the code diff
view this is like structured similarity
similarly to kind of GitHub UI that you
may may be used to. And so it shows you
how many lines of code it's it's adding
and removing. And you can see the actual
diffs themselves. And then if you have
multiple diffs um inside let's find a
good example of this. I guess yeah it is
possible to have like multiple hunks as
well. So these uh it's doing it uh
iteratively here. I guess one of the
notes there is that we've generally
found AI models to be better at doing
smaller diffs. And so kind of
iteratively applying diffs is a bit
better than trying to get an AI agent to
do everything in one shot which
generally just doesn't lead to the best
results. Um, however, it can also, if it
chooses to, if there's a semantic
operation, for example, that crosses
multiple files and has just multiple
lines of code, then it can suggest
multiple hunks across files as well. It
looks like we've uh kind of finished.
It's uh Asia mode has given us a quick
summary here of what it just did. And so
I find this this is useful way to kind
of check what the agent has done as
well. And so here we can see the UI
components. It's adding this hardcode
data for now, which later we can, you
know, back this against our database and
server endpoints and everything else.
Let's go ahead and run this uh and see
what Warp came up with. Cool. So, this
is Warp itself. Uh let's go. I guess I
have MCB servers tab open. So, this is
pretty awesome. This is what uh Warp
came up with. Uh and here we can see
that we have the kind of uh three MCP
servers that we expected here with the
linear, GitHub, and Stripe. So, next
steps here would be to actually hook
this up to the back end. And so, hook it
up to some server endpoints, hook it up
with the existing MTB logic that we have
uh and kind of really enable these
workflows uh end to end. And so I would
go ahead and hook up the click handlers
uh and kind of just all the pipelining
here. However, as a person that you know
struggles with UI and just
traditionally, for example, in the past
don't love working with like nitty CSS
details and such, uh this is pretty
awesome because it's just a super
tedious task that uh would have taken me
one or two days that the agent was able
to complete in around 20 minutes. This
was a fun feature to build. It was
something I've personally wanted in Warp
for a while. And so one of the fun facts
there actually was that I built this
feature uh using warp as well with with
an agent. But I think one of the the
hardest parts here was that images can
really rack up tokens quite quickly. And
so thinking through the kind of product
side of this where we don't want to kind
of put a foot gun in for users and allow
them to really blow up their token
counts inadvertently. Um, one of the
things that we added in here was that we
actually resize images for you
intelligently on the client side before
passing it off to the server and before
passing it off to the different LLM
providers that we support. And so the
big thing we wanted to do there was just
really make this more efficient for our
users and minimize the amount of tokens
we're using for images context.
[Music]